Fix vale warnings (#2075)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/installation-guide/partials/proc_installing-che-on-kind-using-chectl.adoc

+
[NOTE]
====

> After all the steps above, you might still be unable to reach {prod-short} from the host machine. If you encounter such problem, see `kind` cluster documentation or forums on how to make an endpoint available outside the kind cluster for your system and network configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After completing these steps, if you cannot reach {prod-short} from the host machine, see the `kind` cluster documentation or forums. Look for information on how to make an endpoint available outside the `kind` cluster for your system and network configuration.
```
